formatting and small text adjustments (#4935)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-uwp: hub/powertoys/crop-and-lock.md

PowerToys **Crop And Lock** allows you to crop a current application into a smaller window or just create a thumbnail. Focus the target window and press the shortcut to start cropping.

![Crop And Lock screenshot](../images/powertoys-crop-and-lock.gif)

## Getting started

### How to use

To start using Crop And Lock, enable it in the PowerToys Settings (**Crop And Lock** tab).

Once enabled, focus a Window and press the "Thumbnail" shortcut (default: <kbd>⊞ Win</kbd>+<kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>T</kbd>) or the "Reparent" shortcut (default: <kbd>⊞ Win</kbd>+<kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>R</kbd>) to select an area of the window to crop.

> [!TIP]

> > Select the <kbd>Esc</kbd> key to cancel the crop selection.

Author: ```suggestion
> Use <kbd>Esc</kbd> to cancel the crop selection.
```
